
# TERMS OF USE
##### VERSION 1.0
##### LAST REVISED ON: February 21, 2023


The website AND/OR Mobile Application located at bharatride.in (the “Site AND/OR Mobile Application”) and BharatRide mobile application (the "BharatRide Mobile App") is belonging to Better Technologies (“Company”, “us”, “our”, and “we”). Certain features of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Site AND/OR Mobile Application in connection with such features.  All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms.

THESE TERMS OF USE (THESE “TERMS”) SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE Site Site AND/OR Mobile Application. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE Site AND/OR Mobile Application, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT), AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT). YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE Site AND/OR Mobile Application OR ACCEPT THE TERMS IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE Site AND/OR Mobile Application.

THESE TERMS REQUIRE THE USE OF ARBITRATION (SECTION 12.2) ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMIT THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.

#### 1. Accounts
- 1.1 Account Creation. In order to use certain features of the Site and the Mobile Application, you must register for an account (“Account”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the account registration form.  You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You may delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions on the Site AND/OR Mobile Application.  Company may suspend or terminate your Account in accordance with Section 8.
- 1.2 Account Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree to immediately notify Company of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security.  Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.

#### 2. Access to the Site AND/OR Mobile Application
- 2.1 License. Subject to these Terms, Company grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Site AND/OR Mobile Application solely for your own personal, noncommercial use. 
- 2.2	Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site AND/OR Mobile Application, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Site AND/OR Mobile Application; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application; (c) you shall not access the Site AND/OR Mobile Application in order to build a similar or competitive webSite AND/OR Mobile Application, product, or service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means.  Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application shall be subject to these Terms.  All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (or on any content displayed on the Site AND/OR Mobile Application) must be retained on all copies thereof.  
- 2.3	Modification. Company reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (in whole or in part) with or without notice to you. You agree that Company will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application or any part thereof.
- 2.4	No Support or Maintenance. You acknowledge and agree that Company will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Site AND/OR Mobile Application.
- 2.5	Ownership. Excluding any User Content that you may provide (defined below), you acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trade marks, and trade secrets, in the Site AND/OR Mobile Application and its content are owned by Company or Company’s suppliers. Neither these Terms (nor your access to the Site AND/OR Mobile Application) transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in Section 2.1. Company and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms.  There are no implied licenses granted under these Terms.

#### 3.	User Content
- 3.1	User Content. “User Content” means any and all information and content that a user submits to, or uses with, the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (e.g., content in the user’s profile or postings).  You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party. You hereby represent and warrant that your User Content does not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (defined in Section 3.3). You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Company.  Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy.  Company is not obligated to backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire.
- 3.2	License. You hereby grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to Company an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing rights, solely for the purposes of including your User Content in the Site AND/OR Mobile Application. You hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
- 3.3	Acceptable Use Policy. The following terms constitute our “Acceptable Use Policy”:
   - (a) You agree not to use the Site AND/OR Mobile Application to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content (i) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; or (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.
  - (b)	In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Site AND/OR Mobile Application any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Site AND/OR Mobile Application unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (iii)  use the Site AND/OR Mobile Application to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Site AND/OR Mobile Application, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Site AND/OR Mobile Application), whether through password mining or any other means; (vi) harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application; or (vi) use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts on the Site AND/OR Mobile Application, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to (or to strip, scrape, or mine data from) the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (provided, however, that we conditionally grant to the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Site AND/OR Mobile Application for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials, subject to the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file).
- 3.4	Enforcement.  We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any User Content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include removing or modifying your User Content, terminating your Account in accordance with Section 8, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.
- 3.5	Feedback. If you provide Company with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to Company all rights in such Feedback and agree that Company shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Company will treat any Feedback you provide to Company as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to Company any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.

#### 4.	Indemnification  
- You agree to indemnify and hold Company (and its officers, employees, and agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application, (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations or (d) your User Content. Company reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Company. Company will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

#### 5. Payment and Pure Agent Agreement

- Payment: The Mobile Application and the Services may be used to facilitate the payment of fares for services provided by us or the third-party providers. You agree to pay all charges incurred through your use of the App and the Services, in accordance with the payment terms set forth in the App.
- Pure Agent Agreement: The recipient of the supply or the service authorizes the company to act as a pure agent as per rule 33 of the Central Goods and Services Tax (CGST) on behalf of the receiver of the goods or service and receive the payment for the supply of goods or the service. The company will also remit the full amount for the supply of goods or service to the supplier or the service provider. 

#### 6.	Third-party Links & Ads; Other Users  

- 6.1	Third-Party Links & Ads.  The Site AND/OR Mobile Application may contain links to third-party webSite AND/OR Mobile Applications and services, and/or display advertisements for third parties (collectively, “Third-Party Links & Ads”).  Such Third-Party Links & Ads are not under the control of Company, and Company is not responsible for any Third-Party Links & Ads. Company provides access to these Third-Party Links & Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links & Ads.  You use all Third-Party Links & Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third-Party Links & Ads, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices.  You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Links & Ads.
- 6.2	Other Users. Each Site AND/OR Mobile Application user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content. Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others. We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content.  Your interactions with other Site AND/OR Mobile Application users are solely between you and such users. You agree that Company will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions.  If there is a dispute between you and any Site AND/OR Mobile Application user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
- 6.3	Release. You hereby release and forever discharge the Company (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Site AND/OR Mobile Application users or any Third-Party Links & Ads). 

#### 7.	Disclaimers

- The App and the Services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the App or the Services, or the information, content, materials, or products included on the App or the Services.

#### 8. Limitation On Liability

- TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY (OR OUR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE Site AND/OR Mobile Application, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE Site AND/OR Mobile Application IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.  

#### 9.	TERM AND TERMINATION.   

- Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site AND/OR Mobile Application . We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Site AND/OR Mobile Application (including your Account) at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Site AND/OR Mobile Application in violation of these Terms. Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your Account and right to access and use the Site AND/OR Mobile Application will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your User Content associated with your Account from our live databases. Company will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms, including for termination of your Account or deletion of your User Content. Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 2.2 through 2.5, Section 3 and Sections 4 through 12.

#### 10. Copyright Policy

- Company respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our Site AND/OR Mobile Application do the same. In connection with our Site AND/OR Mobile Application, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our online Site AND/OR Mobile Application who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. 

#### 11.  Governing Law

- These Terms and your use of the App and the Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

#### 12. GENERAL  

- 12.1 Changes. These Terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site AND/OR Mobile Application. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. 
- 12.2	Dispute Resolution. Please read this Arbitration Agreement carefully. It is part of your contract with Company and affects your rights. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER. Any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the App and the Services shall be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.
	- (a)	Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. All claims and disputes (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as set forth below) in connection with the Terms or the use of any product or service provided by the Company that cannot be resolved informally shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed to, all arbitration proceedings shall be held in English. This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and the Company, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.
	- (b)	Notice Requirement and Informal Dispute Resolution. Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. A Notice to the Company should be sent to: admin@joinBharatRide.com. After the Notice is received, you and the Company may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. If you and the Company do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding.  The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled.
  - (c)	Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions.  ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.  
	- (i)	Confidentiality.  All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential.  The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law.  This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.
  - (d)	Severability.  If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
  - (e)	Right to Waive.  Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Arbitration Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Arbitration Agreement.
  - (f)	Survival of Agreement.  This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Company.  
- 12.3	Entire Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site Site AND/OR Mobile Application. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation”.  If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to Company is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other.  These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Company’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.  Company may freely assign these Terms.  The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms shall be binding upon assignees. 
- 12.4	Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2023 Better Technologies. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site AND/OR Mobile Application are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
- 12.5	Contact Information:
Better Technologies
Email: admin@bharatride.com
